FF140 Relnote: Notification.maxActions unpublished to nightly (#39640)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/140/index.md

These features are shipping in Firefox 140 but are disabled by default. To experiment with them, search for the appropriate preference on the `about:config` page and set it to `true`. You can find more such features on the [Experimental features](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Experimental_features) page.

- **`Notification.maxActions`** (Nightly): `dom.webnotifications.actions.enabled`

>   The [`Notification.maxActions`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Notification/maxActions_static) static property returns the maximum number of actions that can be associated with a `Notification`, as set using {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration.showNotification()")}}.
>   This was prematurely released in Firefox version 138, and this change makes it available only in the Nightly build ([Firefox bug 1963263](https://bugzil.la/1963263)).

Reviewer: Tiny tweaks to add a bit more clarity
```suggestion
  The [`Notification.maxActions`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Notification/maxActions_static) read-only static property returns the browser limit on the number of actions that can be associated with a `Notification`, which you create using {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration.showNotification()")}}.
  This was released prematurely in Firefox version 138, and this change makes it available only in the Nightly build. ([Firefox bug 1963263](https://bugzil.la/1963263)).
```
